Reflection on Learning styles Video/Article

I found this article to be a a bit negative, and didnt particuallry love the message. 
I agree that people feel a lot of connections with individual larning styles, but I disagree that teachers should
comletly ignore individuals personal learning styles just because a study showed it wasnt 100% affective for 
their learning.

The reason I disagree witht his article is because includining all learning styles in lectures and teachings will
make the entire classroom really feel included, and not only will everyone feel included, but the information
is shared in more than one way. 

I am a visual learner, and reading has always been really really challenging for me. The only times I have been
able to actually comprehend the content of a book was when my imainatiuon was running interesting visuals. 

What i mean is I never could read any books besides the 'warrior cats' series because reading anything else 
made my brain stuggle to picture the characters when they wernet cuts cats saying the lines of dialouge, or
doing any of the actions. I think my reading issues are related to me having ADHD, which makes it incredibly difficult
to focous. On anything. Visuals are one of the only ways I can learn because it draws in my attention. 

This part of the article was particullarly standing out to me.

 "In addition, most empirically-supported techniques involve planning (e.g., scheduling study sessions over a 
series of days) and significant effort (e.g., taking practice tests in advance of a classroom assessment), 
and let’s face it, we don’t want to work that hard. "

I really dislike how they ignore people with learning disablities in this entire article, and claim that 
empirical techniques are unused (not because they can be ablist) but because 'people are just lazy' or 'dont 
want to work that hard'. 

Even if catering to each persons indiviudal learning style doesnt curate the best students, atleast its inclusive to
everyone, inculding people with learning disablities. I would be super screwed in school if these techniques were
all that was taught beacuse 'indiviual learning styles dont work great all the time'. 