Reflection on 'the last lecture'

I felt very sad hearing this lecture, and now knowing this wonderful, smart, and sweet father and creator
has now passed away. He provided really wonderful and inspirational informaion in this lecture, which really
got me thinking about my own person dreams, and my own childhood dreams.

I am so impressed that he remembered and accomplished so much of what he wanted to in his life, even though he
didnt live into old age. I rely on trusting I will accomplish everything I want by the time im old, because, i 
will simply have time to do those tihngs. But in reality, I havent even set any goals for myself. If anything,
I have loose and vauge plans that relate to my hobbies that i spread super thing and dont put much time into.

In order to truly apply myself to this lecture, I feel like I need to set some goals, or rather, clearly understand
what my chldhood dreams are and start thining about ways I can accomplish them. 

I have always anted to be an artist and create. I am in school for Fine and Media arts now, but I still feel
I haven't yet made anything substatial or worth hiring. 

I have always wanted to be recognized in a large way, wheart it be me becoming a famous youtuber or a widely
recognized song writer and singer, I still wish I had somehow became a reognizable and funny online presence. 

Finally, ever since i was a child, i wanted to freely express myself and really reflect my individuality. I feel 
because I am idenitying as nonbinary, getting gender affirming sugrery in a month, and am finally feeling like myself,
this is the one goal I have actually achived so far. I know this process will continue to happen as I grow up,
but im so happy i finally feel comforatble, and cool. I feel like my chiild self would be happy knowing I finally feel
good about myself, and who i actually am.

My goals are still a bit broad, but I think i need to do a bit more personal reflecting to narrow trhem down a bit more.
This lecture really did make me think about things ive been avoiding thinking about, so im really glad I watched.